.TH "TME" "6"
.SH "NAME"
tme \- tme is The Mana Experiment: A fantasy online game
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBtme\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
\fBtme\fR ingame
commands.
\fBtme\fR is a great online game based upon the Seiken Densetsu Serie.
It has its own universe, and and its own character management system, which will
give you the opportunity to play in a 2D heroic-fantasy world forever.
.SH "BINARY PARAMETERS"
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of the program.
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-skipupdate
Skip the update process.
.TP
.B \-U, \-\-username
Login with this username.
.TP
.B \-P, \-\-password
Login with this password.
.TP
.B \-D, \-\-default
Bypass the login process with default settings.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-playername
Login with this player.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-configfile
Configuration file to use
.SH "COMMON KEYS"
.TP
.B Arrow Keys:
Move your character around.
.TP
.B Left Ctrl:
Make your character attack.
.TP
.B Key A:
Target nearest monster.
.TP
.B Key Z:
Get items on the ground or in a chest.
.TP
.B Key S:
Make your character sit.
.TP
.B Alt + 1...9:
Shows an emoticon above your character.
.TP
.B F1:
Displays / Hides in game help.
.TP
.B F2:
Displays / Hides status window.
.TP
.B F3:
Displays / Hides inventory window.
.TP
.B F4:
Displays / Hides equipment window.
.TP
.B F5:
Displays / Hides skills window.
.TP
.B F6:
Displays / Hides map.
.TP
.B F7
Displays / Hides messages.
.TP
.B F8
Displays / Hides hot-keys.
.TP
.B F9:
Displays / Hides configuration window.
.TP
.B F10
Displays / Hides debug window.
.SH "AUTHOR"
This manual page was written by Patrick Matth\[:a]i <patrick.matthaei@web.de>
for The Mana World project.
With slight alterations by Daniel Thomas\[:a]i <kraant@gmail.com>,
for The Mana Experiment.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 any
later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
