.TH "TMW" "6"
.SH "NAME"
tmw \- tmw is The Mana World: A fantasy online game
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBtmw\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
\fBtmw\fR ingame
commands.
\fBtmw\fR is a great online game based upon the Seiken Densetsu Serie.
It has its own universe, and and its own character management system, which will
give you the opportunity to play in a 2D heroic-fantasy world forever.
.SH "BINARY PARAMETERS"
This program follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`-').
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Show version of the program.
.TP
.B \-u, \-\-skipupdate
Skip the update process.
.TP
.B \-U, \-\-username
Login with this username.
.TP
.B \-P, \-\-password
Login with this password.
.TP
.B \-D, \-\-default
Bypass the login process with default settings.
.TP
.B \-p, \-\-playername
Login with this player.
.TP
.B \-C, \-\-configfile
Configuration file to use
.SH "COMMON KEYS"
.TP
.B Arrow Keys:
Move your character around.
.TP
.B Left Ctrl:
Make your character attack.
.TP
.B Key A:
Target nearest monster.
.TP
.B Key G:
Get items on the ground or in a chest.
.TP
.B Alt + 1...9:
Shows an emoticon above your character.
.TP
.B Alt + I:
Shows / Hide inventory window.
.TP
.B Alt + K:
Shows / Hide skills window.
.TP
.B Alt + E:
Shows / Hide equipment window.
.TP
.B Alt + C:
Shows configuration window.
.SH "AUTHOR"
This manual page was written by Patrick Matth\[:a]i <patrick.matthaei@web.de>
for The Mana World project.
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
under the terms of the GNU General Public License, Version 2 any
later version published by the Free Software Foundation.
